---
layout: post
title:  "Preparing for the 2022-10-04 boarding meeting"
date:   2022-10-03 01:54:21 -0600
categories: blog
---

The 2022-10-04 condo board meeting is obviously tomorrow and I'm using this space to document my
goals for the meeting, and to draft the appropriate communications for the agenda.

### Goals

1.  Have the bylaw resolution be moved or terminated.

    1.  The bylaws were a contentious part of the AGM and I feel that they are a strong
        representation of the deliberate one-sided decision-making present in the past boards.

        Proposal:

        > I feel the vote to replace the bylaws has been dragging out far longer than acceptably understood by the original timeline.
        > The topic was contentiously brought up in the AGM having at least one owner indicating that the method & means of communication left them feeling harassed.
        >
        > I would like to see us resolve the vote within this session to move into the 2022/2023  fiscal year free of this overhead.
        > Please include an agenda item to cover this discussion and any related questions.

    2.  For the sake of transparency, I feel all accepted forms of signing should be
        communicated clearly.  It was previously mentioned that we've moved to accept
        signatures via the phone.

        * How is identity being assured? Does it align with the guidance provided
          [by the government of Canada](https://www.canada.ca/en/government/system/digital-government/online-security-privacy/government-canada-guidance-using-electronic-signatures.html#toc2)?
        * What communications have been sent?
        * Have they been leading or intended to bias the result?
            * Leading statements include statements such as "just ..." or "simply ...".
        * Do they minimize the seriousness and severity of the changes?
        * May the board have samples of the scripts used to ensure that leading and bias statements were are not included?

2. Ensure documents generated by the board or its agents are easily accessable by the owners
