# Minutes

1. Call to order 6:56
2. Nomination & Appointment of Officers
   1. Dan as President
   2. Colton as securtary
   3. Frances as VP
   4. Catalina as Treasurer
3. Improvements as mandated by owners from AGM
   1. All board members try to own all trello cards
   2. Dan proposes assigning categories to Trello cards
      1. Assignees would own communication to the board members during meetings
      2. All board members may participate in all cards
      3. We would continue to use a stagered approval limit and categories
         would be approved  by the owning members to the lower limit approved.
         Above the limit they would seek full board approval.
         * existing spending limits
           * Single approver for discressionary limit of 250<>
             * Dan propose
             * Frances
           * Two board members up to 5000
           * Quorum over 3000
   3. Landscaping: Melanie & Colton will handle
   4. Security: all members
   5. Interior Maintanence: Catalina & Frances
   6. Capital Projects: Dan & Frances
   7. Loss & Restoration: Colton & Dan
4. Air Conditioners
   1. Dan is working to consolidate the minisplit policy
5. Electrical Study
      1. no space in the main distribution panel
      2. they are able to expand in the cleaning space if absolutely needed
      3. the mains do have appropriate supply
      4. two medium speed chargers
      5. breaker upgrades would cost 75k
      6. air conditioner:
         1. angie to push abrus for an additional quote
      7. Melanie: we should complete some projects before we proceed with more.
         1. Dan: Ripping the bandaide off will allow us to complete
      8. Visitor Parking is now open
      9. Epic Roofing to complete coring and sealing of stack 2
      10. Retraining wall demoed bricks to be in tomorrow
          1. Cement to be poured by end of week
      11. Roofing maintainence estimates
          1. 3 quotes available (august 25 roofing/exerior maintainence)
              1. ~epic roofing~ true north
              2. abrus
              3. fort sands
       12. Attic Seal and Wholistic Remediation
           1.  Continue to get quotes
       13. BECA September 2023
           1.  Dan has prepared a script for Angie/catalyst to send quotes
       14. CCTV Policy
           1. Angie has provided a sample
           2. Melanie discussed that the cleaner had become uncomfortable with the
              with an occupant outside.
              * Melanie directed AJ to call 911 or Catalyst if she feels unconfortable
           3. Board to refresh the security contract card.  (Review or resume work)
       15. Noise complaint 302:
           1. Catalyst has captured the compliant via phone and we do not have
               a time of incident.
           2. The board has issued a curtosy notice
           3. Catalyst Condos will request additional evidence for further action.
       16. CC will post the AGM draft meeting minutes on about September 4th
           after a review   board
       17. Post-Construction Landscape Remediation
           1. Melanie & Colton to review quotes with new category rules
           2. We will remove most irrigation as part of this and the retaining wallrepair
           3. Dan will request the retaining wall remediators to remove some of irrigation
       18. Dan: Poet ccontract has been getting paid past expiration
           1.  Angie: work was completed by Poet
           2.  Dan: Work was not observably completed
           3.  Dan: We would like our money back as we do not believe the work was completed
           4. Angie to ask Poet for a statement of work
              1. if a statement of work cannot be statisfactorially provided
                 the board authorizes a chargeback.
       19. Auditing 2023
           1. CC: there are internal issues which are being addressed before
              this can be completed.
           2. Updates from CC tomorrow by noon
       20. Investment:
           1. The officers will need to submit to a fidiciary compliance
       21. Unsecured toilets
           1. Epic has been directed to remove
       22. Pool table refresh
           1. Catalina to follow up with CC for new quotes
adjurn: 9:20
